Feat: Default function opacity setting + autoreveal option (#4342)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Attributes.md

}
```

### 11.2.3. `{:autoRevealDependencies k}` {#sec-autorevealdependencies}

> When setting `--default-function-opacity` to `autoRevealDependencies`, the `{:autoRevealDependencies k}` attribute can be set on methods and functions to make sure that only function dependencies of depth `k` in the call-graph or less are revealed automatically. As special cases, one can also use `{:autoRevealDependencies false}` (or `{:autoRevealDependencies 0}`) to make sure that no dependencies are revealed, and `{:autoRevealDependencies true}` to make sure that all dependencies are revealed automatically.

Reviewer: Throughout the document, is the argument to `--default-function-opacity` written `AutoRevealDependencies` or `autoRevealDependencies`?

Author: That is actually an important point. Technically both work, but I am not sure which the canonical choice should be. The command-line documentation which picks the argument names (I think) from the underlying enum datatype, has everything capitalized (because in the codebase that is the norm), whereas in the command-line I think the norm is to keep the first letter lowercase in camelCase. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: For me, on the CLI, it should start with a lowercase if possible

Author: Done. Uniformly changed it to "autoRevealDependencies".

for a function or method, or times the value specified by the
Boogie `-timeLimit` command-line option.

### 11.2.19. `{:transparent}` {#sec-transparent}

> By default, the body of a function is transparent to its users. This can be overridden using the `--default-function-opacity` command line flag. If default function opacity is set to `opaque` or `autoRevealDependencies`, then this attribute can be used on functions to make certain functions transparent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the body of a function is transparent to its users. This can be overridden using the `--default-function-opacity` command line flag. If default function opacity is set to `opaque` or `autoRevealDependencies`, then this attribute can be used on functions to make them always non-opaque.
```

Author: Done
